I don't know where Zhang Ting is
I haven't been in touch with him for a long time
Go away I have to go to work
Stop talking to me
You grew up in an orphanage
Okay, I can't wait to wear a pair of pants.
Do you know where he is?
I know, and I won't tell you.
A scumbag like you, whoever has the right will be unlucky
If you don't leave, I'll call security.
Hey Yoyo
Uncle Gu
Tomorrow the kindergarten will hold an auction of children's works
The teacher asked every parent to participate
Can you attend as my dad?
All the other children have fathers
I don't have it.
Ok. What time is it tomorrow?
You promised.
Great, I'll call Uncle Wei right now
Tell him not to come
What do you mean?
You also called Wei Ming
Yes, Uncle Wei agreed happily
But don't worry.
He's just my backup
Alternative you call him first
I can't go tomorrow.
Co-authored this stinky boy and other mothers raise fish
Forget about raising fish
Why recuperate first